- [Instructor] Now let us go to the concept
of convertors and Spring MVC.
Now, convertors extends the binders
concept further and provides you one more
way of customization.
So let's say on your clients site on a GSB
you have a form which captures the value of city.
And on the server side, the city field
is represented by a graph of Java objects.
So let's say there a person bean first.
Inside that there's an address bean
and finally within, there's a city string value.
So now, the question is, how do we map that city
value from the form to the city attribute
of the address bean composed inside the person bean?
So this is a graph of objects and then
how do you set the value from the form
to the respective Java attribute is something
that you will have to tell Spring MVC about.
Spring MVC wouldn't be able to do
this kind of conversion and that's exactly
where you have convertors coming to your rescue.
It's used basically to transform your
request data, yes, but it can help
you transform that to the desired types
that you have defined as a part of your application.
Of course there are build-in convertors present.
There's a conversion service available
as a part of Spring MVC.
So that you can do those conversions.
But additionally when you have a requirement
like the one that we have described on the slide,
you may need to write your custom convertors
and then plug them in to your Spring MVC application
to define that very specific behavior
for converting the string values
to the respective Java attribute.
In the next demo we are going to see
the conversion of the gender values
to a proper enum data type that we will
define as part of our HPlus application.